DM-4197 2024 LWM2M release note split device registration features (#2761)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/cumulocity-10-18-288-0-LWM2M-connection-disable-support.md

---
date: 2024-03-26T10:33:39.707Z

> title: Disable device connection support for bootstrap and LWM2M server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Option to disable device connection to bootstrap and LWM2M server
```

> title: Disable device connection support for Bootstrap and/or LWM2M server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Disable device connection support for bootstrap and LWM2M server
```

change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
product_area: Device management & connectivity
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: DM-554
version: 10.18.288.0
---

> Under **Connectivity** in the **LWM2M configuration** tab, the Bootstrap or LWM2M server connection can be disabled for a device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under **Connectivity** in the **LWM2M configuration** tab, the bootstrap or LWM2M server connection can be disabled for a device.
```

> Under **Connectivity** in the **LWM2M configuration** tab, the bootstrap or LWM2M server connection can be disabled for a device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under **Connectivity** in the **LWM2M configuration** tab, the bootstrap or LWM2M server connection can now be disabled for a device.
```
